Update README.md (#405)
Oneflow-Inc/onediff: README.md

> **_NOTE:_** OneDiff Enterprise Edition delivers even higher performance and second-to-none deployment flexibility.

## Features
- Acceleration for popular libs
  - [ComfyUI](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/tree/main/onediff_comfy_nodes)

>   - [HF diffusers](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/tree/main/examples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [HF diffusers 🤗](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/tree/main/examples)
```

  - SD Web UI(On the way)
- Acceleration for state-of-the-art Models
  - [SDXL](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/blob/main/examples/text_to_image_sdxl.py) 
  - [SD 1.5/2.1](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/blob/main/examples/text_to_image.py)
  - [LoRA](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/blob/main/examples/text_to_image_sdxl_lora.py)
  - [ControlNet](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/blob/main/examples/text_to_image_controlnet.py)
  - [LCM](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/blob/main/examples/text_to_image_lcm.py) and [LCM LoRA](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/blob/main/examples/text_to_image_lcm_lora_sdxl.py)
  - [SDXL Turbo](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/blob/main/examples/text_to_image_sdxl_turbo.py)

> - Support drop-in acceleration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Acceleration by drop-in replacement
```

Author: comfyui 那个是加入一个 node，不算 replacement ？

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drop-in acceleration
```
那把support去掉？有点冗余

  - [ComfyUI Nodes](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/tree/main/onediff_comfy_nodes)
  - [Acceleration with oneflow_compile](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/blob/a38c5ea475c07b4527981ec5723ccac083ed0a9c/examples/text_to_image_sdxl.py#L53)

> - Support multi-resolution input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multi-resolution inputs
```

>   - [Multi-resolution input](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/onediff/blob/a38c5ea475c07b4527981ec5723ccac083ed0a9c/examples/text_to_image_sdxl_save_load.py#L65)

Reviewer: 不需要多一行？

> - Save/load/change device of the compiled result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Save/load the compiled result, deploy on different environments
```
